---
title: "A new beginning..."
meta_title: "Introducing the new montystoryteller.org website and blog"
description: "Announcing a relaunch of montysteller.org website and blog, home to Isle of Wight based traditional storyteller Tony Hirst, aka Monty Storyteller. "
date: 2025-08-25T05:00:00Z
image: "/images/monty_fire_bt24.png"
categories: []
collaborator: [ ]
tags: []
draft: false
---
A new website for a new chapter...

I gave up work at the end of July 2025, so this is my life now, a life of story, of telling tales for my supper...

Who knows where it will lead, but the first step has been taken. My time is more my own, now, which means if opportunities arise, there is less reason not to take them.

I'm under no illusions that story will pay its way in the form of a regular income. But I am hopeful, for the first year at least, that it may start to pay its way in-kind. Performing at events means I don't have to pay to attend those events. A drink bought, in exchange for a tale, is a drink not paid for. A gig may pay a small amount, but every open mic or folk night costs fifteen quid or so, for three shandies and not even a bag of crisps, so if you do buy me a pint in exchange for a tale, I thank you kindly in advance:-)

I'll also be looking to merch opportunities, initially in the form of "storynotes", about which, more later (and see elsewhere around the website...) I'm also wondering: tea towels? mugs? anything with a flattish surface that words and images can be printed on?! But for many merch ideas, I need to find an illustrator, and maybe, a designer, or graphic artisit, first...

But for now, it's time to take a story out for a walk, alongside the hedgerows, and maybe also pick a blackberry or two...